Service map public docs update (#15604)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/services/services_map.md

{{< img src="tracing/visualization/services_map/servicemap.png" alt="Service Map" style="width:90%;">}}

> A node is collapsed when there are two services in the filter (applied through the search bar or facets) that are connected by 1+ services which are not in the filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A node is collapsed when there are two services in the filter (applied through the search bar or facets) that are connected by one or more services which are not in the filter.
```
